Hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
something very special from a sir
it's the predator 21x so this box has a
laptop in it it's huge it's the biggest
it's the heaviest it's the most
expensive laptop in the world and I
normally don't unbox things but because
this one is kind of special I thought
I'd share the experience with you
[Music]
this is so big now we know why they
needed such a large box Wow
okay why so happy oh okay I gotta see
this I gotta see what it looks like okay
this is surprising mission of you I knew
would be heavy but this is heavier than
I thought it would be okay oh now I'm
gonna put this aside for just two
seconds while I look at the inside see
what else is in here this looks like a
weapons Kasich if I like went to a
weapons dealer and he showed me what I
was gonna buy this is what I would look
like what this cool we have a trackpad
oh it's got a number pad on the bottom
but it's like a trackpad slash number
pad okay you must feel to switch that in
now you get pamphlets oh no it's Keith
oh this is so cool okay I'm assuming
this has like removable WASD keys and a
removable spacebar or maybe for like I
don't we'll see that's pretty cool I
should take this stuff out cuz we're
gonna plug it up in a minute we get to
very large AC adapters to power this
thing I want to see what this looks like
on the inside because this is special
holy smokes you could get a serious
workout just lifting this thing all the
time oh okay
I love the blue keys this keyboard it's
so weird seeing this type of keyboard in
a laptop look this is looks like your
regular desktop keyboard and it's a
mechanical I think it's mechanical it
feels it could be like a cherry brown or
like a brown switch this feels like a
really nice keyboard and it's weird to
have this kind of
key travel and this type of tactility in
a laptop are you kidding me okay this is
cool I thought this would be a sticker
but it's not this looks like it's like
painted right in okay look at this
limited edition 17 out of 300 that's
pretty cool okay this shows you how you
can use this thing so you can okay I get
it so you just plug it up oh it's
magnetic
oh that's satisfying click does it come
out okay and you just flip it when you
want number pad and when you want
trackpad okay I need to boot this up now
I didn't go through the exterior
features while I opened this because
quite frankly I was like super excited
to just boot it up and see it but now
that I've looked at this for a second
the build quality is so good there's no
play or flex on any parts of this laptop
the screen is probably one of the most
unique features on this thing it's a
curved screen and I've never actually
used a gaming laptop that had a curved
screen this might be the first one of
its existence the whole reason why you
have curved screens is to give you that
extra level of immersion in games but
the color accuracy and brightness on
this thing are fantastic the other thing
that's really cool is that is a refresh
rate of a hundred and twenty Hertz games
are gonna look really good on this thing
my only suggestion if you happen to be
one of the 300 people to get one of
these is to do this to your keys it's
perfect now it's like customized to the
way that your hands naturally rest
there's an eye tracking thing down here
I've never been a user of Tobii eye
tracking I've seen people like play
games directly off of this but I've
never tried it myself so it says caution
over here but I'm gonna crack it open
I should power this down okay we're
going in I'm curious to see what's
inside this thing
my given this too much pressure that
means only $9,000 oh it's coming apart
yes we're in hard drive to RAM sticks
I'm gonna see the underside now four
empty slots two more sticks of RAM Wi-Fi
card so the inside is pretty simple to
access if you need to get in there so
you're able to run a lot of storage on
this thing five drive bays you probably
won't need any kind of external storage
the predator 21x uses two AC adapters
each one of these is 330 watts it's a
lot of juice going through here and they
both connect into this rubber housing
which kind of keeps it in one package
I'm gonna post some specs I'm not gonna
go into too much detail but this is as
low it has a laptop guest it's beyond
impressive in terms of the speakers they
don't sound bad but I think for a laptop
this size I had unrealistic expectations
I kind of thought it would sound amazing
they do get louder than your average
laptop though the SLI GTX 1080s are
incredibly powerful this is the stuff
that dream desktops are made of and then
when you put it into a laptop form it
becomes even crazier I ran some
benchmarks just to see how it would
compare it performs like a crazy
powerful desktop it's insane how much
horsepower of this thing has all right I
want to play some games let's put this
thing to the test the framerate on this
thing is freakin amazing
my ultimate is charging
one thing I just noticed the fan noise
when you're idling is surprisingly quiet
I thought this thing would be
significantly louder because it's a
pretty powerful processor but even when
you're playing games if you're on the
default mode it's pretty quiet
the external temperatures are very
comfortable even when you're playing
games when I'm running benchmarks there
is some thermal throttling on the
default mode but if you crank up the
fans the throttling disappears and you
can overclock it pretty generously I
don't know if the mic will pick it up
but the fans are on full tilt right now
and it's loud obviously this is a very
powerful laptop but whether or not it's
worth it chances are if you're watching
this video and you're kind of wondering
whether or not you should buy it this is
not for you but if you want to live the
dream and you have the money for this
thing this thing is incredible amazing
performance amazing device limited
edition pretty cool
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
be liked it sub see beloved it see you
guys next time
[Music]